# CS360

The requirements for the weight tracking application were not lengthy. Allow users to create accounts with username and password. Using these unique accounts, users could set a goal weight for the application to track daily. The user needs access to a feature that allows them to enter a daily updated weight entry and the application compares this entry to the rest of the list of weights and the user's stored goal. Each account user needs the ability to enter and edit daily and goal weights along with the dates. Lastly, the application needs to be able to send the user a notification upon completion of reaching the goal weight. This feature needs to be adjustable, on or off, by the user. 

The UI screens were to be clean and simple. There is a login screen with edit text boxes for username and password entry, two buttons for logging in or account creation, and a text view that would display errors to the user. The next screen is a recycler view with two columns. One for date and one for the daily weight with edit buttons for each. Another button was added for adding items to the list of daily weights. I added an extra button to this page called settings. The only item on the settings screen is a switch to toggle notifications on or off. I did not position all of the buttons in good locations. The recycler view is tricky to use and I had a hard time with it. The color scheme was black and white with purple buttons originally, but I wanted to switch it to green white and purple. I did not like the look of the design. Given more time, I would have made it awesome. I did not feel my design was successful. 

Unfortunately, I did not plan this out very well. I tried to develop the code one section at a time with an order of operations in accordance of the flow of the application, login or create an account, interact with the weights data, and toggle notifications. I do not recommend this method. Perhaps this method would be useful after developing the data storage, layout, and other basic application needs. I am a part-time student and work full-time so I have a hard time being able to dedicate ample time to designing beautiful applications. There is still a lot about development I do not understand. 

My code did not run. I was unable to complete it. What I would have done is wrote each section or module and tested the code incrementally. This is the most efficient method. Writing the whole application then tsting is time consuming. The bugs could be anywhere. 

The majority of my issues stem from lack of experience and knowledge of useful functions in the languages. Another issue I have struggled with is understanding how the program files interact with the code. 

Unfortunately, I am not pleased with my application or design. I did learn a lot in this course. I enjoy how the Android Studio application is designed to aid in development efficiency. I would like to learn more about making mobile applications.
